it's raining it's August and we're up in
the Eastern Sierras and it's beautiful
there's our bathroom right there but
it's cold cuz we're up like 10,000 feet
so we have our little fire set up
underneath the canopy this time right
next to the trailer where we are cozy
and warm and out of the rain and here is
the galley of our trailer comes complete
with sink and here's some storage and a
wine rack and cupboards and pullout
cooler and handsome man drinking wine
Cheers
and I'd show you the inside of the
trailer but it's raining look at this
okay I'll show you
this is a queen-size bed with 8-inch
memory foam mattress has a ceiling fan
ventilation let me turn on the light
what is on and we have a TV and a
blu-ray player and there's storage
behind our head which we have our
backpacks on right now here's the front
there's the kayak there's the other side
with our flag